and well the men are waiting to come out
for the semi-finals of the hundred furry
and the big fellow will swim in semi
final number two other side of this
break so we've been hearing so much
about ian thorpe dropping the 400 to
basically pioneer new ground to
experiment in new ground to see just
what he can do at the hundred more so
than the 200 200 has remained common to
what he does that he's able to really
give this event his best shot he's come
through the pits this morning quite
slowly walks in line for Sullivan in
five and forks in 310 Welsh is over in
line number one
and Patrick Murphy in an arm is a
200-meter swimmer is in line number two
there's the big fella 449
through the Pink's this morning Brett
walk has put in a really good
preparation this time around
melba mixing his club trains here I'm in
Sullivan
I'm coming sprint off and west
grant stole mine as his coach here's the
new dad market in the Stalin was born
himself well done leave friday in 97 and
tim laforest in lane number eight rounds
out the field Sullivan got under 50 at
first the WA it is championship seafood
women on yourself Wales event then clin
beat hawks to win the Victorian
championship and is the defending
champion what's hot go out like a rocket
thought the second-fastest Australian
ever 48 56 in Athens thank you max shut
off of the second semi forest at the
bottom of the pool the yellow cab is
Brody slim with no cap in line 64 in
four and brit is very keen to make
before by 100 Sullivan's in five below
him dwarf is up in 3 g's right up there
is in front thought that's a surprise
Murphy I've been lying to Welsh in one I
think he's in front door as they make
the tumble he's layer Forks five
hundredths of a second behind him
Sullivan is back in third rivers running
for that the
in the bounds of Murphy and Brody have a
sponsor of the 50 the national a callous
in the semi-final before Logan he
strokes still breathing every second
stroke we normally see sprinters put
their
what a performance under 10 the Gowans
thought so comfortable so convincing so
confident 4886
Julian 48 five sixes of Spartans ever
gone he went 48 56 in Athens and he's
gone 48 86 on his comeback night you
know we used to say about Lisa Jones's
breaststroke starts she look like a sack
of potatoes just falling in that's how I
n start was just then point eight nine
all these reaction time look at that
threat Hawk beside in points73 look at
the distance Brett Hawk gets off him on
the start if if he's gonna be a sprinter
he's got to work that start better he's
got to get off the blocks better what an
amazing performance given that start
look at the final stages breathing every
second stroke for a rhythm purpose he
needs to do that it's what he's always
done but the other sprinters look at
them head down not breathing very much
pat murphy had his head down the hallway
there and look at him underwater that
big leg stroke amazing and glided in oh
so much to improve for the final will
Duncan's with him now yeah we're just
having a chat you look more comfortable
at that speed been you 200 your 200 look
rusty last on you change speed a few
times there you look really really
smooth that's really nice thing that's a
great way to start but yeah I mean I've
let me in to everyone after two hours I
can get out so good forward to let out a
little bit more speed you look really
good coming off the wall and you're up
with them we're usually a little bit
behind so when you look at that time
it's all good yeah it is you know it's
like I've worked on making sure that my
front ends I'm getting out there a lot
fast and what I've been able to do
previously also know that I have that
strong backhand that I'm always forward
in the second 50 that time tonight
thinking about time tomorrow night maybe
this train wreck up ah don't think so a
bit faster smaran I though like that we
look forward about thanks but yes thank
you
he important if isn't win downplaying it
really three tents outside his best ever
Sullivan was second with EB and there's
the qualifiers for tomorrow night Thorpe
in lane four Sullivan callous Clem pork
mewing flash and monk for the big event
tomorrow night